README.md, before:

[<img alt="react-native-unistyles" src="assets/banner.png">](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/)
[<img alt="react-native-unistyles-3.0" src="assets/v3.jpg">](https://github.com/jpudysz/react-native-unistyles/discussions/191)


![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/jpudysz/react-native-unistyles?style=for-the-badge)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-unistyles?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-unistyles)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-native-unistyles?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-unistyles)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-44CD11.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
<br />
[![platform - expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=black)](https://docs.expo.dev/)
[![platform - web](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native_Web-white?logo=react&logoColor=57BDDA&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.w3.org/)
[![platform - ios](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/ios/)
[![platform - macos](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/macos/)
[![platform - appletv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apple_TV-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/tvos/)
[![platform - visionos](https://img.shields.io/badge/visionos-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/visionos/)
[![platform - android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-44CD11?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://developer.android.com/)
[![platform - androidtv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_TV-44CD11?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://www.android.com/intl/pl_pl/tv/)
[![platform - windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/windows-00a2ed?logo=windows&style=for-the-badge)](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/getting-started)
[![platform - ssr](https://img.shields.io/badge/SSR-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)](https://nextjs.org/)


## Installation

```shell
yarn add react-native-unistyles
```
Install CocoaPods dependencies / generate native folders with Expo:

```shell
pod install
npx expo prebuild
```

## [Documentation](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/)
- [Start here](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/start/introduction/)
- [API](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/reference/create-stylesheet/)
- [Migration from StyleSheet](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/start/migration-from-stylesheet/)
- [Examples](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/examples/all/)

## Features
- 🚀 Shared core with C++ and JSI bindings
- 🌉 Supports new architecture and bridgeless mode
- 🔥 Crazy performance, adds under 0.1 ms to your StyleSheet
- 🎳 Share up to 100% of your styles across platforms in monorepo
- 🎯 Doesn't introduce new components, everything is packed in one hook
- ⚛️ No React Context, no React Native events
- 🖥️ Supports custom breakpoints, css-like media queries and variants
- 🎨 Register multiple themes and change them with single function call
- 🥳 Compatible with all React Native platforms
- 🛡️ ~99% Test coverage
- 🔌 Extend stylesheets with your own plugins
- ⚔️ No 3rd party dependencies
- and much much more!

## Sponsors

[How to become a sponsor?](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/other/for-sponsors/)

<a href="https://codemask.com">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/51229884?s=200&v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="codemask" />
</a>
<a href="https://galaxies.dev">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/118431096?s=200&v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="galaxies-dev" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/mobily">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1467712?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="mobily" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/abanobboles">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9078953?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="abanobboles" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/mwarger">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/686823?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="mwarger" />
</a>


## Past sponsors

<a href="https://github.com/kmartinezmedia">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6308123?s=200&v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="kmartinezmedia" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/levibuzolic">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/721323?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="levibuzolic" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/claudesortwell">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/41422239?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="claudesortwell" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/luoxuhai">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/37284154?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="luoxuhai" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/113348625?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="anonymous" />
</a>

## Sponsor my work

If you found the `react-native-unistyles` time-saving and valuable, please consider sponsoring my work. Your support enables me to continue creating libraries with a fresh approach.

Github: https://github.com/sponsors/jpudysz

Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/jpudysz

Your support is greatly appreciated and helps me dedicate more time and resources to creating quality libraries. Thank you for all the support!


## UI Kits

<a href="https://stacks.grapp.dev/">
     <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grapp-dev/stacks/main/assets/stacks-logo.png" height="70px" width="70px" alt="Stacks" />
</a>

## Discord
Looking for help or you want to chat with me?

[Join Discord](https://discord.gg/akGHf27P4C)


## License

MIT

Commit message:

Finished modifications to use the context for the other values too. Only need the UnistylesProvider, the rest should work the same

README.md, after:

# Changes from this fork

-   Used a context instead of a local state variable for every useStyles
-   Added a UnistylesProvider which you wrap your app within and everything should work as before.

[<img alt="react-native-unistyles" src="assets/banner.png">](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/)
[<img alt="react-native-unistyles-3.0" src="assets/v3.jpg">](https://github.com/jpudysz/react-native-unistyles/discussions/191)

![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/jpudysz/react-native-unistyles?style=for-the-badge)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-unistyles?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-unistyles)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-native-unistyles?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-unistyles)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-44CD11.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
<br />
[![platform - expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=black)](https://docs.expo.dev/)
[![platform - web](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native_Web-white?logo=react&logoColor=57BDDA&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.w3.org/)
[![platform - ios](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/ios/)
[![platform - macos](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/macos/)
[![platform - appletv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apple_TV-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/tvos/)
[![platform - visionos](https://img.shields.io/badge/visionos-000?logo=apple&style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.apple.com/visionos/)
[![platform - android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-44CD11?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://developer.android.com/)
[![platform - androidtv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_TV-44CD11?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://www.android.com/intl/pl_pl/tv/)
[![platform - windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/windows-00a2ed?logo=windows&style=for-the-badge)](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/getting-started)
[![platform - ssr](https://img.shields.io/badge/SSR-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)](https://nextjs.org/)

## Installation

```shell
yarn add react-native-unistyles
```

Install CocoaPods dependencies / generate native folders with Expo:

```shell
pod install
npx expo prebuild
```

## [Documentation](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/)

-   [Start here](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/start/introduction/)
-   [API](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/reference/create-stylesheet/)
-   [Migration from StyleSheet](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/start/migration-from-stylesheet/)
-   [Examples](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/examples/all/)

## Features

-   🚀 Shared core with C++ and JSI bindings
-   🌉 Supports new architecture and bridgeless mode
-   🔥 Crazy performance, adds under 0.1 ms to your StyleSheet
-   🎳 Share up to 100% of your styles across platforms in monorepo
-   🎯 Doesn't introduce new components, everything is packed in one hook
-   ⚛️ No React Context, no React Native events
-   🖥️ Supports custom breakpoints, css-like media queries and variants
-   🎨 Register multiple themes and change them with single function call
-   🥳 Compatible with all React Native platforms
-   🛡️ ~99% Test coverage
-   🔌 Extend stylesheets with your own plugins
-   ⚔️ No 3rd party dependencies
-   and much much more!

## Sponsors

[How to become a sponsor?](https://reactnativeunistyles.vercel.app/other/for-sponsors/)

<a href="https://codemask.com">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/51229884?s=200&v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="codemask" />
</a>
<a href="https://galaxies.dev">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/118431096?s=200&v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="galaxies-dev" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/mobily">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1467712?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="mobily" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/abanobboles">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9078953?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="abanobboles" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/mwarger">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/686823?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="mwarger" />
</a>

## Past sponsors

<a href="https://github.com/kmartinezmedia">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6308123?s=200&v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="kmartinezmedia" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/levibuzolic">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/721323?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="levibuzolic" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/claudesortwell">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/41422239?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="claudesortwell" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/luoxuhai">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/37284154?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="luoxuhai" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com">
     <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/113348625?v=4" height="70px" width="70px" alt="anonymous" />
</a>

## Sponsor my work

If you found the `react-native-unistyles` time-saving and valuable, please consider sponsoring my work. Your support enables me to continue creating libraries with a fresh approach.

Github: https://github.com/sponsors/jpudysz

Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/jpudysz

Your support is greatly appreciated and helps me dedicate more time and resources to creating quality libraries. Thank you for all the support!

## UI Kits

<a href="https://stacks.grapp.dev/">
     <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grapp-dev/stacks/main/assets/stacks-logo.png" height="70px" width="70px" alt="Stacks" />
</a>

## Discord

Looking for help or you want to chat with me?

[Join Discord](https://discord.gg/akGHf27P4C)

## License

MIT
